---
permalink: /qizi/63
title: "qizi / 63"
layout: qizi
date: 2022-12-08
comments: true
---

Ling Xiao fastened his buttons one at a time. In the mirror stood a sky-blue uniform dressed young man, handsome, bright, and dashing. As of today, he was an official freshman at Yutian Military Academy, about to embark on a new leg of his studies.

The bathroom door opened and his legal cohabitant stepped out, donning a dark-blue uniform. Since last time, Ying Feng grew a few centimeters taller again, his tall and slender stature near perfection, his muscular contours concealed beneath uniform---Ling Xiao knew the strength contained within that fabric better than anyone.

This place was their new dorm room, nearly twice the size of Bikong’s. In addition to the bedroom and bathroom, there was also now a living room. It was practically a one-bedroom apartment.

Today was the Opening Ceremony, and everyone had to dress up to attend. About ready, Ying Feng threw something over, and it drew a parabola in the air before it was caught in Ling Xiao's hand.

Like elementary institutions, there were also 12 grades in higher institutions, but the difference was that here, they'll move on to the next grade every six months, so it was a six-year curriculum. Different grades were distinguished by different badge styles.

Facing the mirror, Ling Xiao carefully adorned the emblem thrown by Ying Feng on his left chest, and checked his attire from head to toe again to confirm nothing was amiss.

"I'm ready!"

"Let's go."

In high spirits, Ling Xiao swung the door open, and it just so happened that the ones in the dorm room across from them were also coming out. Once he was spotted, an elated greeting rang out.

"Yo Ling Xiao, Ying Feng, you guys are ready too? Let's go together!"

<div>These were their new classmates at Yutian, the #1 ranked pair in their department year who enrolled with highest overall performance, Bingcan and Qian Si——Ling Xiao still preferred to call him Hong Mao, and even forgets his real name on a regular basis. They now lived in the opposite dorm room, and Hong Mao and Ling Xiao were growing closer with each passing day. In the words of his Qizhu, “the same species are more likely to speak the same <div class="tooltip">tongue<span class="tooltiptext">More literally, "between the same species, it's much easier to create a common language."</span></div>.”</div><p/>

<div>A group of four headed out from the dorm, leaving for the drill grounds. Along the way, they encountered Yutian students from various grades; some were <div class="tooltip">xuezhang<span class="tooltiptext">a title for a someone in a more senior grade than you, like senpai</span></div>s from more senior grades, and some were freshmen just like them.</div><p/>

“Wow, look! Higher institutions still have Nestlings!” Ling Xiao caused a commotion as he pointed at several students wearing green uniforms, acting as if he had discovered a new continent.

Bingcan explained it for him, “Nestlings who have completed the full 12 years of elementary education but haven’t held the Adult Ceremony yet are allowed to continue their studies. Moreover, for every Nestling that's able to enter military school, each one must be extraordinarily capable, because they are competing against Adults.”

“So that’s how,” Ling Xiao sighed, “I wonder if our major will have any Nestling classmates too?”

Bingcan couldn’t help smiling, “We are the Joint Combat Department, so we don’t recruit Nestlings at all. In fact, what these Nestlings can major in are substantially limited, but there is one benefit, and that is, if the Adult Ceremony is held while they’re in school, they can apply for a change of major at any time. But they’ll still need to pass the exams first, of course.”

His explanation was so detailed. Ling Xiao was very impressed, “Are you quite familiar with this?”

"The information is on the Internet too. If you look carefully, you'll find it."

Ling Xiao rubbed the back of his head, embarrassed. He had only cared about the parts that dealt with himself, and hadn’t thought to look at any other details.

A wall of people spanned the drill grounds, with the Joint Combat Department positioned right in the middle.

<div>“See it yet? How we're the <div class="tooltip">pivot point<span class="tooltiptext">The original is <a href="https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/watershed">watershed</a></span></div> of the whole school?”</div><p/>

"Pivot point?"

“Look to our right, it’s all combat, command, or management type majors, dominated chiefly by Qizhu. While to the left, the students in research, medicine, communication, and so forth are mostly Qizi. We're the only major in the whole school whose ratio of Qizhu to Qizi will forever be 1:1.”

Ling Xiao’s eyes flitted across the field. It really was as he said. The further right you looked, the fewer the light-blue uniforms, and once you reached the very far right, it was practically a flood of dark-blue uniforms. The other side was the exact opposite; a few dark-blue intermingled amidst the light-blue uniforms, and occasionally, some green as well. Meanwhile, the Joint Combat Department was like the two rivers, Jing and Wei, sharply divided; two lines that kept the left and right partitioned.

The Opening Ceremony soon started. The principal delivered their address, an older student rep gave their speech, and a freshman rep expressed his wishes. This year’s freshman rep turned out to be Bingcan. When he was getting on stage, Hong Mao clapped so hard his hands were as red as his hair.

“On behalf of all freshmen, I swear on my soul to always be loyal to my motherland and my nationality, to never commit treason, to obey orders, to strictly abide by the rules…”

Below the stage, all the freshmen also echoed in unison:

“...to trade life to protect the Nestlings, to safeguard the lighthouse, to defend the Tree of Souls with my life, and to absolutely never allow any enemy hold our body captive. The soul is immortal, the spirit is endless…”

The Opening Ceremony came to an end, and the official first day of classes didn’t start until tomorrow. They still had half a day of freetime.

“Let’s go check out starships!” proposed Hong Mao excitedly.

“The school also has starships?” Ling Xiao was thrilled.

“They do! They are decommissioned ones from the military, placed in school for students to train!”

"I'm going!"

Invigorated, the hearts of these two were set, while Bingcan and Ying Feng had no objections either. They summoned forth the school map, and when they arrived at third floor below ground, there was indeed an immeasurably large starship parked down there, looking utterly breathtaking.

Ling Xiao and Hong Mao kept wowing the whole way, and even Bingcan expressed great interest.

But once they tracked down the entrance to the starship, someone who looked like a warden stopped them.

“Sorry, this place isn’t open for tours.”

"We are Yutian students," explained Ling Xiao.

“Only students from related majors are permitted to enter. Which department are you from?”

"Joint Combat Department."

“Denied, please go back.”

"Why?"

“There’s no why, it’s a school rule. If you wish to enter, you can only challenge the school rule.”

"Challenge the school rule? What's that?"

“Yutian’s first school rule——the strong sets the rules. It doesn’t matter who, as long as they’re strong enough, they can challenge the original rules.”

Ling Xiao gaped at Ying Feng as he spoke, shocked. “How do you know that?”

"I thought it was common sense to read the school regulations before enrolling."

Ling Xiao: ...Damn it.

Bingcan suppressed a smile, and repeated what he read on the school discussion board, “That’s right. Of the rules and regulations that run the school today, the top 23 rules are held by the principal and other school administrators. All the others are owned by individual students. If you think that a rule is unfair, you can issue a challenge to its owner. After winning, you can amend the terms of the school rule to your heart's content.”

“Can you really do that?”

“You can even issue a challenge to the principal, but no one has succeeded in altering those 23 rules since the school’s founding. If the owner of the rule that you want to challenge has already graduated, then the Student Arbitration Committee will send a rep to accept the challenge. Of course, if you win the challenge, you may be challenged by others at any time in the future, and if you don’t accept, then it’s seen as automatically renouncing ownership rights.”

"That's amazing!"

The warden brought the conversation back on topic, “So, would you like to challenge the rule?”

<center>＊＊＊</center><p/>

"Come and see! Someone's gonna challenge a school rule!"

“What are they even, it’s only the first day of school and they want to challenge a school rule?”

"Allegedly, it's a first-grader."

“Fresh meat, huh? Freshmen nowadays sure are brave.”

Ling Xiao stood on stage. He didn’t expect the audience to be so large that it formed an impenetrable fortress around the stage.

His opponent had already arrived. With a dark-blue uniform and a tenth grade badge, the disparity between the two was clear as day at first glance.

The referee picked up the mic:

“According to Rule #1 of Yutian Military Academy’s school regulations: The strong make the rules, and anyone who questions a rule can issue a challenge.”

“An existing student of this school has contested the Rule #97 of the school regulations. The details of aforementioned rule is as follows: On no grounds shall students from unrelated majors be authorized to enter the starships, and those who violate this shall be punished with a demerit.”

"Owner of the original school rule: tenth-grader from the Starship Command Department, Chi Cheng."

"Challenger: first-grader from the Joint Combat Department, Ling Xiao."

“Tournament rule: If you fall off or hit the ground in ten seconds, you lose. Now let the match begin!”

“You’re quite ballsy, first-grader,” Chi Cheng completely looked down on his opponent’s abilities. A first-grade Qizi challenged him, what kind of joke was this?

“I don’t want to bully you. For the sake of fairness, I won’t use spiritual power to fight you.”

After he finished speaking, he stretched out his two arms. Plop, plop, plop, a dozen or so soul crystals tumbled to the ground, scattering everywhere as they bounced.

Ling Xiao felt somewhat relieved, but the other party was a Qizhu. When it came to pure physical strength and fighting prowess, he was still very far behind. Ling Xiao was bowed over slightly; not only was he nervous, but he also carried a subtle hint of excitement.

“Ling Xiao! You got this!” hollered Hong Mao from below.

On the opposite end, Chi Cheng beckoned him, “C'mon.”

Ling Xiao rushed forward the moment that last syllable fell, and rapidly launched three punches at him. The opponent stood still, didn’t block, and didn’t even blink. But these three punches were merely feints---at the same time that Ling Xiao swung out his final punch, he took one cross step to spin himself around Chi Cheng’s back, and kicked out, his foot landing flawlessly on his back. All of this happened in a blink of an eye. Chi Cheng severely underestimated this first grader; one kick managed to make him take several steps back.

“Oh? Not too shabby,” he moved his wrist, “I need to get serious too then.”

After he declared this, his body instantly disappeared. All that was left to see on the field were countless black shadows darting in every direction.

So fast! Ling Xiao was alarmed. So this was a tenth-grade Qizhu's level, huh? There was no way he could catch him.

Just then, his left arm, right arm, and back were hit. He was hit three times in a row, but he hadn't even seen his opponent clearly. The last blow came from the front. Ling Xiao braced himself on the ground with one hand, but was knocked back several meters and stopped dangerously by the edge of the arena.

“Still wanna go?” Chi Cheng stopped and asked.

“Bring it!” shouted Ling Xiao as he charged directly at him. But just before he reached him, the opponent vanished.

“What?”

“Here I am.”

Chi Cheng’s voice came from behind. Afterwards, a tremendous force sent Ling Xiao flying through air again.

Ling Xiao, having hit the ground, used a somersault to get back on his feet. Unconvinced, he asserted, “Again!”

When Ling Xiao was knocked down for the third time, the crowd sighed and shook their heads. The challenger was simply not a match for his opponent at all. There was practically no thrill in this match-up.

“You sure are holding up quite well.”

Chi Cheng watched as he stood up again. Despite the injuries he endured, the intensity in his eyes was even sharper than before.

“Good, allow me to help you get this over with.”

He started to walk on the field, walking faster and faster until his outline merged to form black shadows again. Ling Xiao looked around nervously, not knowing where the next attack will come from.

——Right.

A familiar voice went off in his head. Ling Xiao didn’t even think about it, he punched to his right, and it hit!

——Behind.

He performed a roundhouse kick, and this kick went right into Chi Cheng’s chest, and also caused him to stop moving.

Two hits in a row. Chi Cheng covered his chest and frowned. _Is it a coincidence?_

_It should just be a coincidence. There’s no way he could clearly see my movements with his ability._

Coming around to this point, Chi Cheng calmed down, accelerated his steps, and surrounded Ling Xiao on all sides.

Contrary to expectations, Ling Xiao relaxed while in the encirclement. He closed his eyes, his whole body at 0% readiness.

What’s going on here? Not just Chi Cheng, but even everyone off stage couldn’t make heads or tails of it.

_It’s only a bluff, that’s all._ Chi Cheng’s shape changed, and launched an attack on the person in the middle of the field.

——Front.

Ling Xiao leaped back slightly.

——Behind.

A backward somersault.

——Rear right, 45°.

A small hop to the left.

——Next.

Answered with a somersault.

The masses were in an uproar. Chi Cheng’s movements were obviously faster, yet he couldn’t even touch a sliver of Ling Xiao’s clothes, all while this person had his eyes closed.

The ensuing battle was nothing short of amazing to everyone who watched. On the field, Ling Xiao dodged left and right, his footwork bizarre, while Chi Cheng still couldn’t touch him one bit no matter which crafty angle he tried.

“What the heck is going on? Does this guy have eyes on his forehead?”

No, even if it was a sneak attack from behind, he can still get away!

The more Bingcan looked, the more he felt something was off. He turned his head to enquire, but a light bulb went off the moment he saw Ying Feng’s expression.

Ling Xiao had his eyes closed, but that’s not where his eyes were anyways. Standing on the sidelines, it was all conspicuously visible to Ying Feng no matter which direction the opponent attacked from, and he could even tell the opponent’s orientation in advance so Ling Xiao could strike first. 

What terrifying observation skills and leadership abilities! If this were him, even he wouldn’t be able to clearly see Chi Cheng’s every move, nevermind instruct an attack or dodge ahead of time. From Ying Feng’s eyes to Ling Xiao’s four limbs, it was essentially like one person acting alone!

The audience’s initially one-sided chorus has long since flipped. Ling Xiao’s splendid performance had refreshed everyone’s attitude towards him, but more importantly, they wanted to feast their eyes on the warship too, alright!

And at this time on stage, Ling Xiao was retreating backwards step by step, inching closer and closer to the edge of the arena.

“You’re gonna fall!” warned many people who couldn’t help shouting.

Deep down, Chi Cheng let out a cold humph, _it’s too late!_ Ling Xiao’s heel was only one step away from the edge. He rushed towards him with all of his strength, _this time, no matter which angle, you can’t escape!_

"Careful!" chanted the mob.

——Now!

Ying Feng issued the final order.

Ling Xiao disappeared in public view.

Where is he?!

Flying in midair, Chi Cheng's eyes grew as large as saucers. _Where'd he go?_

"There!" Someone with keen eyes finally spotted him!

Ling Xiao’s body was hovering in the air with his toes hooked around the edge of the platform. From Chi Cheng’s perspective, it looked as if he was suddenly falling.

But right as he spotted Ling Xiao, his body had already charged out of the arena.

Ling Xiao’s toes hooked on, and he flew high into the sky, emerging perfectly behind Chi Cheng.

_How's that possible? I'm seriously gonna lose to a first-grade Qizi?_

“Excuse me.” Behind him, Ling Xiao had already opened his eyes, and spared no effort in this kick.

"Beep——"

"The defender has fallen! The attack is valid!"

“The match is over, the ownership of the school regulations has changed hands! The new rule maker for Rule #97 is——the first-grader from the Joint Combat Department, Ling Xiao!”

"Ling Xiao! You're too awesome Ling Xiao!" cheered his fanboy, Hong Mao, ecstatically.

Among the mass of people, Ling Xiao spotted Hong Mao who cheered for him the loudest, then saw Ying Feng nearby; he grinned at him, showering him in a certain glow that only the two of them can understand.

“Well done,” Chi Cheng jumped onto the stage, “I was overconfident this time, but you did a great job, congrats.”

"Thanks," Ling Xiao shook hands with him.

“But I also want to remind you, the reason I lost is ‘cause I abandoned my spiritual powers. If I used a soul crystal on you, you’d have no chance of winning. If someone challenges you in the future, it may not be so straightforward anymore. It’ll be best to work harder.”

“Mm!” Ling Xiao knew perfectly well that his victory today was merely a fluke. In a real one-on-one fight, it was impossible for him to be his match.

The referee walked over, “You may now alter Rule #97 of the school regulations. May I ask if you would like to revoke the ban on visiting the starships?”

“Uh, if anyone can go whenever they want, it’ll probably bother the students studying there, right? How about letting it open once a week, would that work?”

"Of course it would, you are the rule maker now."

“Let’s do Sunday then.” He was more dead than alive on Saturday, and definitely wouldn’t have much energy to look around.

“The new 97th school rule has officially launched: Starships are open to the public every Sunday. All students in the school are permitted entry.”

The crowd cheered ヾ( ˃ᴗ˂ )◞.

“Let’s go,” Chi Cheng generously invited him, “While today isn’t Sunday, I can make an exception and take you on a tour.”

“Can my Qizhu and friends come along too?” he asked feverishly without skipping a beat.

"Of course, let's all go."

Chi Cheng jumped off the stage, turned his head, and saw that Ling Xiao was still standing there on stage, “Why aren't you moving?”

Ling Xiao had a stiff and awkward smile plastered on his face.

_What now, those three syllables came out so naturally, I didn’t even think about them!_

He timidly glimpsed down from the stage. It was only when he saw Ying Feng had already turned around that he let out a sigh of relief.

_Close call, he shouldn’t have heard it._

Bingcan found it strange: Why did Ying Feng turn away as soon as Ling Xiao finished asking that question? Thus, he asked, “Ling Xiao invited us, are you not going?”

Pretending he hadn't heard anything and also not looking back, Ying Feng affirmed, “Going.”

> t/n: Remember Sinian Stone in [Chapter 54](/qizi/54)? I renamed it to Yearning Stone. Updates will also be slower cause holidays, cheers.